c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\obj\Debug\paintballevent.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\paintballevent.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\paintballevent.pdb
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\Rocket.API.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\Rocket.Core.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\Rocket.Unturned.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\Assembly-UnityScript-firstpass.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UI.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Analytics.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\Pathfinding.JsonFx.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\Pathfinding.Ionic.Zip.Reduced.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\Pathfinding.ClipperLib.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\Pathfinding.Poly2Tri.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CrashLog.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\Boo.Lang.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\UnityScript.Lang.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.xml
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\obj\Debug\paintballevent.dll
c:\users\aubtin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\paintballevent\paintballevent\obj\Debug\paintballevent.pdb
